README.md, before:

# Profile Card

This project is a responsive profile card showcasing personal information, social links, hobbies, and dislikes. It features a sleek, dark-themed design with gold accents, and dynamically updates the current time.

## Demo

Here's a visual representation of the profile card:

![Profile Card Demo](/assets/demo.jpg)

## Table of Contents

-   [Features](#features)
-   [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
-   [Installation](#installation)
-   [Usage](#usage)
-   [Project Structure](#project-structure)
-   [Customization](#customization)
-   [Contributing](#contributing)
-   [License](#license)
-   [Contact](#contact)

## Features

-   **Responsive Design:** Adapts seamlessly to various screen sizes (desktop, tablet, mobile).
-   **Dynamic Time Display:** Shows the current time in milliseconds, updated every 500ms.
-   **Personal Information:** Displays user name, a short bio, and a profile picture.
-   **Social Media Links:** Provides clickable links to Twitter, LinkedIn, GitHub, and Facebook.
-   **Hobbies & Dislikes Sections:** Clearly lists personal interests and aversions.
-   **Clean and Modern UI:** Features a dark theme with striking gold highlights and elegant typography.
-   **Interactive Elements:** Subtle hover effects on the profile card and social links.

## Technologies Used

-   **HTML5:** For the structural markup of the profile card.
-   **CSS3:** For styling and ensuring responsiveness across devices.
-   **JavaScript:** For dynamic content, specifically updating the current time.
-   **Font Awesome:** For social media icons.
-   **Google Fonts:** For `Poppins` and `Playfair Display` fonts, enhancing the typography.

## Installation

To get a local copy up and running, follow these simple steps:

1.  **Clone the repository:**
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/emmanuellawoniowei/profile-card.git
    ```
2.  **Navigate to the project directory:**
    ```bash
    cd profile-card
    ```

## Usage

Simply open the `index.html` file in your web browser to view the profile card. No complex build process is required.

```bash
open index.html

Commit message:

Update README with new project structure and multi-page details

README.md, after:

# Profile Card & Multi-Page Application

This project has evolved from a single responsive profile card into a multi-page application. It now includes a "Contact Us" page with robust form validation and an "About Me" page for personal reflection, alongside the original profile card. The entire application maintains a sleek, dark-themed design with elegant gold accents, and showcases responsive design principles.

## Demo

Here's a visual representation of the original profile card. Demos for the new pages will be added as they are finalized.

![Profile Card Demo](/assets/demo.jpg)

## Table of Contents

-   [Features](#features)
-   [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
-   [Installation](#installation)
-   [Usage](#usage)
-   [Project Structure](#project-structure)
-   [Pages & Functionality](#pages--functionality)
-   [Customization](#customization)
-   [Contributing](#contributing)
-   [License](#license)
-   [Contact](#contact)

## Features

-   **Responsive Design:** Adapts seamlessly to various screen sizes (desktop, tablet, mobile) across all pages.
-   **Navigation:** Clear navigation between the Profile Card, Contact Us, and About Me pages.
-   **Dynamic Time Display:** (On Profile Card) Shows the current time in milliseconds, updated every 500ms.
-   **Personal Information:** (On Profile Card) Displays user name, a short bio, and a profile picture.
-   **Social Media Links:** (On Profile Card) Provides clickable links to Twitter, LinkedIn, GitHub, and Facebook.
-   **Hobbies & Dislikes Sections:** (On Profile Card) Clearly lists personal interests and aversions.
-   **Contact Form with Validation:** (On Contact Us Page) A user-friendly form with client-side validation for all fields, providing immediate feedback.
-   **Reflective About Me Page:** (On About Me Page) Dedicated sections for personal bio, program goals, areas of low confidence, and a note to future self.
-   **Clean and Modern UI:** Features a consistent dark theme with striking gold highlights and elegant typography across all pages.
-   **Interactive Elements:** Subtle hover effects on interactive elements and links.
-   **Accessibility Focus:** Built with semantic HTML, ARIA attributes, and keyboard navigability to ensure broad accessibility.

## Technologies Used

-   **HTML5:** For the structural markup of all pages.
-   **CSS3:** For styling and ensuring responsiveness across devices, maintaining the dark theme and gold accents.
-   **JavaScript:** For dynamic content (time display) and client-side form validation.
-   **Font Awesome:** For social media icons and other UI elements.
-   **Google Fonts:** For `Poppins` and `Playfair Display` fonts, enhancing the typography across the application.

## Installation

To get a local copy up and running, follow these simple steps:

1.  **Clone the repository:**
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/emmanuellawoniowei/profile-card.git
    ```
2.  **Navigate to the project directory:**
    ```bash
    cd profile-card
    ```

## Usage

Simply open the `index.html` file in your web browser to view the main Profile Card page. From there, you can navigate to the "Contact Us" and "About Me" pages via your implemented navigation. No complex build process is required.

```bash
open profile/index.html
